**JAYNA GYRO BOH JOB DESCRIPTION\
KITCHEN MANAGER / ORDER MANAGER**

***AHMET CAN GULER***

Position Summary

The Kitchen Manager / Order Manager is responsible for managing all
back‑of‑house inventory, ordering, and systems at Jayna Gyro. This role
ensures that dry goods, to‑go containers, catering supplies and
ingredients are properly counted, ordered and stored. The Kitchen
Manager maintains organization in the container storage, coordinates
deliveries, monitors equipment and safety, and supports the general
manager by providing accurate reports.

Key Responsibilities

Inventory Management

\* Conduct complete dry goods inventory twice per week (after AM setup
on Wednesday & Sunday or as directed). Inventory must be submitted to
the general manager by 3 pm on those days.

\* Maintain a running inventory of all to‑go containers, cups, ramekins,
lids, catering trays/pans, bags, labels, gloves, cleaning chemicals and
other supplies. Only items on the Jayna Gyro menu and recipes are kept
in stock.

\* Keep a standardized inventory sheet with columns for current on‑hand
quantity (Column A) and quantity to order (Column B). Provide this
report to the general manager at least two hours before the vendor
cutoff time.

Ordering

\* Submit orders to suppliers (e.g., Performance Foodservice, Greenleaf
Produce, Mani Imports) only after receiving approval from the general
manager.

\* Place orders at consistent days and times each week; ensure all items
are included on the standardized order form.

\* Track lead times and delivery schedules; communicate any changes or
shortages to the general manager immediately.

Receiving & Storage

\* Receive all deliveries; open each box and neatly arrange contents on
the wire racks in the container storage. Do not store sealed boxes in
the container.

\* Ensure that FIFO rotation is followed; label and date all items; face
products forward and keep shelves organized so inventory can be counted
easily.

\* Monitor the container storage for cleanliness; remove trash, broken
equipment and unnecessary items. Keep aisles clear and maintain straight
lines.

Communication & Accountability

\* Notify the general manager immediately of any shortages, damaged
goods or over‑stocks. Over‑ordering resulting in excessive inventory is
the responsibility of the Order Manager.

\* If delegating box unpacking to other staff, follow up to ensure it is
completed correctly; failure of delegated staff still reflects on the
Order Manager.

\* Log all equipment issues and broken shelves or tools; coordinate
repairs and inform the general manager.

\* Monitor 86'd items; if something runs out, communicate immediately to
the general manager and investigate why the system failed.

\* Collect the daily worksheets from line cooks each week; compile
scores into a spreadsheet and present trends to the general manager. Use
this data for coaching and system improvements.

Safety & Sanitation

\* Ensure all staff keep the dumpster lids closed; oversee cleanliness
of the dumpster area and walk‑in container storage.

\* Enforce proper bathroom cleanliness; any unsanitary condition results
in write‑ups.

\* Ensure oil changes are performed and logged by the closing crew every
Monday, Wednesday and Friday; check fryer waste and fresh oil tank
levels.

\* Pull line refrigerators forward weekly for cleaning behind; ensure
the bread warmer and expo fridge are pulled forward nightly for sweeping
and mopping.

Leadership & Training

\* Lead by example; set a tone of organization, cleanliness and respect.

\* Train staff on proper ordering, receiving, labeling and storage
procedures. Coach employees who leave a mess or fail to follow systems.

\* Work closely with the general manager to refine systems and implement
improvements.

Signatures

Kitchen/Order Manager:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

General Manager: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
