JAYNA GYRO BOH JOB DESCRIPTION

Prep Cook / Dishwasher / Cleaner

esdras david de la cruz velasquez \| huseyin dokcu \| zilan avci \|
emilio morales miguel angel erape

Position Summary

The Prep Cook / Dishwasher / Cleaner supports the Lead Prep Cook and
line cooks by maintaining a clean kitchen, washing dishes, and assisting
with basic prep tasks. This role is critical to keeping the front and
back of house spotless and ensuring that the team has the tools and
ingredients they need to operate efficiently.

Key Responsibilities

Front of House Cleaning

\* From 9:00 AM to 10:30 AM each day, clean the entire front of house
according to the AM Cleaning Checklist. Tasks include wiping down tables
and chairs, sweeping and mopping floors, cleaning restrooms, refilling
soap and paper products, and ensuring the dining area is guest‑ready.

\* Follow the cleaning checklist exactly; do not skip tasks. Sign off
when complete and notify the general manager for inspection.

Dishwashing

\* Wash, sanitize and put away all dishes, utensils, pans and equipment
throughout the shift. Maintain a clean and organized dish pit.

\* Change dish water and sanitizer as needed; follow proper chemical
usage and PPE guidelines.

\* Break down cardboard and manage recycling and compost bins.

Prep Assistance

\* After FOH cleaning is complete, assist the Lead Prep Cook with basic
prep tasks such as washing and chopping vegetables, portioning sauces,
and labeling containers.

\* Always ask the Lead Prep Cook or a line cook for your next task; do
not guess or stand idle. Maintain a sense of urgency.

\* Observe proper food safety: wash hands frequently, wear gloves when
required, avoid cross‑contamination.

Organization & Sanitation

\* Keep floors dry and clear; mop spills immediately. Sweep and mop
behind equipment as scheduled.

\* Assist with pulling refrigerators, bread warmer and expo fridge
forward for nightly cleaning as directed by the line cooks.

\* Ensure trash cans and recycling bins are emptied regularly; liners
replaced; dumpster lids closed.

Chain of Command

\* Report directly to the Lead Prep Cook for daily tasks. If the Lead
Prep Cook is unavailable, ask a line cook for direction before going to
the Order Manager or General Manager.

\* Communicate any issues, equipment problems or missing items through
the proper chain of command.

Teamwork & Attitude

\* Work collaboratively with the kitchen team; jump in to help wherever
needed.

\* Treat fellow employees and managers with respect; respond to messages
in Homebase promptly.

\* Uphold Jayna Gyro's standards of cleanliness, efficiency, and
hospitality.

Accountability & Performance

\- Failure to complete the cleaning checklist or follow instructions
will result in coaching or disciplinary action.

\- Prep tasks must be completed accurately and labeled correctly. Any
mistakes or cross‑contamination must be reported immediately.

Signatures

Employee: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

General Manager: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
