JAYNA GYRO BOH JOB DESCRIPTION

LINE COOK

AYKUT KIRAC \| DEMETRI "MITSO" PAPAMICHALIS \| LAURENCE LEE \| HUMBERTO
MALDONADO

URIEL REYES-SANCHEZ \| DIMAS HERNANDEZ

Position Summary

The Line Cook is responsible for executing food preparation and service
at Jayna Gyro. Line Cooks ensure stations are set up to par levels, cook
menu items to spec, maintain cleanliness, and communicate effectively
with the team. They play a critical role in our accountability loop by
reviewing the prior shift and setting up the next crew for success.

Key Responsibilities

\- Arrive on time and in uniform ready to work.

\- Complete the AM/PM walk‑through: review the previous shift using the
daily worksheet, rate their performance (1--5) and send the completed
form/photo to the manager.

\- Set up station for service: check par levels of meats, sauces,
toppings and sides; replenish from prep and walk‑in; record par counts
for the manager.

\- Prepare ingredients according to the prep list and prioritize tasks
(urgent vs. can‑wait). Communicate with the lead prep cook when
assistance is needed.

\- Execute orders quickly and consistently, following plating and
presentation standards. Shave gyro meat properly and maintain proper
slicing yield.

\- Communicate with Expo and FOH: call out items when plating, listen
for modifiers, and update team on 86'd items or delays.

\- Maintain sanitation: clean as you go, wipe surfaces, change gloves,
rotate product using FIFO, and follow the AM/PM cleaning checklists.

\- Perform day‑specific duties: oil change on Monday/Wednesday/Friday
nights, refrigerator pull‑outs or deep‑clean tasks as assigned.

\- Monitor stock of gluten‑free pitas and other specialty items; alert
manager if quantities are low to avoid running out during service.

\- Report any equipment breaks, safety hazards, or missing ingredients
to the Kitchen Manager immediately via text or call.

\- Respect managers and teammates; reply promptly to Homebase messages
and greet managers when they arrive.

\- Uphold Jayna Gyro's values: hospitality, cleanliness, teamwork, and
continuous improvement.

Accountability & Performance

\- Line Cooks must complete the daily checklist before leaving. Skipping
items will result in coaching or disciplinary action.

\- Failure to report 86'd items, low counts, or equipment issues will be
treated as a serious breach of duty.

\- Consistent adherence to safety, sanitation and quality standards is
required.

Signatures

Line Cook: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_ Date:
\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

General Manager: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
Date: \_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_
